Level 3

Starting point

Place 1: haunted house
You are in a haunted house
You hear the howling of some wolves, combined with some more human like sounds. You need to get out of there.

Item:
stone - This is a stone. It is heavy but you can lift it up and it may help you to destroy things.
rope- This is a rope. It can be tied to something.


Passage: window - leads to 'cold river'
Obstacle: glass window is closed

Resolution: Use stone to smash a window. Use rope to climb out.
Reaction of obstacle: you cut yourself with a piece of the glass from the broken window. Damage points?.


Place2: cold river
You jump out of the window and land in a cold river. The water is pushing you around, you need to get out of there.

items:
stinky rotten fish- this fish stinks so bad, it may scare away everybody
crab- this mean little monster can do severe damage by tweaking
alga- those alga are tearproof, you can pull as hard as you can

passage: 'smaller side river', good to reach the shore here leads to 'the woods'
obstacle: it's slippery you can't get out
resolution: take alga, through around tree, pull himself out

passage2: big stream, leads to place: waterfall,
character dies here.
Obstacle: water- can do damagepoints. You've been getting cold in the water. Therefore Damagepoint.

place: 'the woods'- you are in the woods, the trees are looking dark and rotten. You hear the howling from earlier again.
You have to hurry.

item: a fork
item: a mouse
item: freeze pistol

passages: 'the bush '- leads to place: 'cave'
obstacle: the bush is to overgrown, you can't get through
resolution: use the crab to pinch off the branches

place: 'cave'- this is a dark and moisty cave but something smells very delicious in here.
passage: dark tunnel- leads to volcano cave
obstacle: big delicious cake that blocks the hole tunnel
resolution: mouse eats through the cake
(forks doesn't work because damagepoints because getting too fat)

place: 'volcano cave' - there is a currently exploding vulcano in this place, as you enter, gravity starts to shift.
You start hovering over the ground. The lava that erupts out of the vulcano is also affected by the loss of gravity.
Hot orange lava bubbles are flying around everywhere.


passage: wormhole, leads to place'space'
obstacle: lava bubbles
resolution: use the freeze pistol
items in room: spacesuit





